A couple warnings: this memoir contains discussion about sexuality, strong language, and mentions of suicide. If this disturbs you, leave, and come back when you're above the age of 10. 

You've been warned.

I was around 12 or so, a relatively young age. There's no really specific event that I tie to me realizing things were off, just the realization that they were. It was at this point in my life that I realized that normal people don't have feelings for the same gender. Normal people only like the opposite sex and aggressively defend that fact. The most I'd do was joke off the thought of dating a guy, and usually I'd just keep quiet and sweat profusely. I, of course, did the natural thing anybody would do, given this situation, and shoved these feelings as far as I can into the deepest, darkest corners of my mind, where only my unholy love for spray can cheese resided. And after that? For a while,nothing changed. I kinda just forgot, and went about my 12 year old life like any normal kid would. 

Fast forward to me being 13, and I had become more in tune with it. I still wasn't flaunting to the world that I was bi, but in my mind I had kind of learned to deal with it. I kinda realized that it was just a part of me, nothing I could change, like the color of my skin, or the way I talked. There wasn't really much I could do to change any of them. For the most part I was only romantically interested in girls (or so I showed) to avoid outing myself. I was stil closeted, both to my parents and to the world. But that all changed towards the end of the school year. I honestly have one of the most boring coming out stories. (at least to my mom, my dad's is... more interesting.)It was a simple exchange: 

"Mom, I have something important to tell you." I said  
"Oh, what is it, sweetie?" she said, in the patronizing tone she always wore.  
"I think i'm bisexual." I said, and released a heavy sigh.  
"Oh, alright. That means you like boys and girls, right?"  
"Yeah" I replied, relieved she wasn't mad. And that was that.  

And that gave me the confidence to wear my bisexuality more proudly, and thus I did. I came out to a lot of friends, my discord being among the first to know. (Discord is a texting app, with a version for PC and for phones. A discord is basically just a group chat.) I first came out to my smaller discord, it only has maybe 3 friends in it, 2 of which are regularly on it ever. It was a pretty safe bet that they would accept me, seeing as one of the 2 regularly active people on the server was gay, so they were supportive, and not much changed. With my second discord, I actually kinda inspired a few other people to come out when I did, so that was great. They were supportive, both of me and the other 4-ish LGBT people on the discord. After that, I came out to a few friends at school, in person. Like everyone else, they were supportive of me. Eventually the news spread that I was bi, but nothing really changed. It seemed like people were really supportive, and I felt safe. 

Year 14 was largely uneventful, except for one little thing that plays a major part: The shirt. The shirt is a black shirt, with white block letters on it that say "Love is Love.". I got the shirt while shopping for clothes with my grandma, Right as we were about to check out, I mustered up the courage to ask her for the shirt. She said yes, I don't know why. Maybe she didn't know? Maybe she understood, or was accepting of it? Nobody knows but her. Either way, I got the shirt. I brought the shirt home, was asked by my mom about it but not really interrogated. It fell into the normal clothes cycle, with the rest of my shirts, and I wore it every now and again. 

Then year 15 happened.